Add multiple-expression Defer example. (#18268)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/using_visit/Quantitative/Expressions.rst

crack width Function: ``crack_width()`` : ``crack_width(crack_num, <crack1_dir>, <crack2_dir>, <crack3_dir>, <strain_tensor>, volume2(<mesh_name>))``

    Calculates crack width using the following formula:

>         | crackwidth = L * (1 - (exp(-delta))  

Reviewer: Trying to understand reStructuredText formatting here...why is the `|` char needed on each line here? If we're aiming for verbatim quote, doesn't a single `::` at end of 1969 work?

Reviewer: FYI...if you go to the rendered manual for this PR, it looks like the function name isn't quite typeset right..

![Screen Shot 2022-11-04 at 2 39 13 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5720676/200078969-67256aec-3ea7-4541-b331-9b114f6aebdb.png)

Author: Previously, building the manuals issued an 'unexpected indent' warning on line 1972.
I tried using the code block designation but received the same warning.
And the the indentation that I wanted to see wasn't preserved in either case.
Using the line block `|` character allows the indentation to be preserved.
You can take a look at the page as it currently exists and compare it with how it renders now in the PR.

Reviewer: Hmm...odd...If you look earlier in that file for another similar case, I see one for `Ghost Zoneid Function` and it seems to render fine. Though, I see a stray single `:` following that block worth removing too.

That said, is this logic you are including here intended to give user a detailed understanding of what is being computed? If so, my suggestion is to follow what we do for several of the tensor functions. For example, look at doc source for `effective_tensor` function there. I think this is a much preferred way to go because it doesn't rely upon duplicating in docs what is already true in the code and yet gives any user so inclined sufficient details to understand what is happening...though you may need to improve the in-line comments for the relevant code block(s).

Author: I can fix the rendering of the function name by removing the blank line before the description.

Author: Inclusion of code block isn't feasible here. I can remove the explanation, but it was previously approved as-is. I was just trying to improve the indentation and remove the warning I noticed when building.

Reviewer: Ok, lets keep what you changed then.

two different meshes. Each of which involves *mapping* one of the variables
onto the other variable's mesh using one of the CMFE expression functions.

Deferring expression evaluation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Expressions are generally evaluated before any operators are applied to the data.

> There are instances where one may want to defer the evaluation until after other filters have been applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases where an expression involves the *output* of an operator, it is necessary to *defer* evaluation of such an expression to *after* operators have been applied.
```

Reviewer: FWIW, I think the intro motivating use of **DeferExpression** operator in intro here,

https://github.com/visit-dav/visit/blob/4380e48962812444c93e1f1c4b6a2b2bdafeef8c/src/doc/using_visit/Operators/OperatorTypes/DeferExpression_operator.rst?#L5-L10

could use similar statements.

Author: Re: your suggestion, how would you add wording about operators that change the outcome of an expression, eg an operator that removes cells or points could affect some expressions, correct?

Reviewer: Maybe I am confused but I liked the explanation you included for when to use the **Defer_Expression** operator.

As an aside, I don't think the choice to use **Defer Expression** operator is so much a user preference as it is a *necessary* thing to do for certain expressions...those involving variables computed by operators.

So, I thought it would help to include that explanation and motivation in the introductory part of this file too.

My read was that both the intro and your explanation are serving the same purpose...to motiviate use of the **Defer Expression** operator.

Did I misread?

Author: Didn't mean to confuse you. I was just thinking about perhaps a volume expression and  transform-scale operator that scaled the mesh and changed the volume of the cells. The volume expression isn't using an operator-created quantity, but an operator-modified quantity.  You could opt *not* to defer the volume expression if you wanted to see the original volumes.  Have no idea if this use-case even makes sense though.

Reviewer: Oh, wow! I hadn't realized that kind of scenario existed. So, there *are* cases where the decision to defer is indeed a *choice* depending on what user intended.

Now, since *expressions* are kinda sorta *always* treated like any other database variable in that they are created *before* entering any operators, I think the user's intent is captured at the moment they choose to add the *scale* operator. If they've added the scale operator, then its my view that they want scaled volumes. If they don't want volume to be scaled, the won't add the scale operator. Its harder for me to imagine a use case where they want something scaled by the scale operator but then decide they want to see something that isn't effected by the operator. In this way, it kinda sorta feels like the question of *original* or *actual* we have in a number of queries.

Reviewer: It just now occurs to me too...If all operators had been designed from the start to work *both* as an operator and as an expression, then **Defer Expression** wouldn't have even been needed, right? So, the fact that we've created **Defer Expression** has a lot to do with how the code has evolved. Is that a fair assessement?
